
ECE 2400 Programming Assignments
==========================================================================

This is the code repository for your ECE 2400 programming assignments.
You will use this repository to develop your code, run continuous
integration tests, and submit each assignment.

### TravisCI Continuous Integration

We will be using TravisCI as our continuous integration service.
Continuous integration means all of the tests for your repository will be
run automatically every time you push to this repository. The current
status of these tests is shown as an image at the top of the README. If
the image says "failing" then your repository is currently failing one or
more tests; if the image says "passed" then your repository is passing
all tests. You can click on the image or on the following direct link to
go to the TravisCI build report to find out more about which tests are
passing or failing.

 * https://magnum.travis-ci.com/cornell-ece2400/gb438

### Codecov.io Code Coverage Analysis

We will be using Codecov.io for code coverage analysis. Every time you
push your code to this repository, TravisCI will run the tests. If your
code passes all tests, then TravisCI will send the results of code
coverage to Codecov.io. The current status of your code coverage is shown
as an image at the top of the README. While attaining 100% code coverage
is not always possible, you should always strive to improve code coverage
and understand what code is not being covered and why. You can click on
the image or on the following direct link to go to Codecov.io and view
the detailed code coverage analysis reports.

 * https://codecov.io/gh/cornell-ece2400/gb438

### GitHub Issues and Wiki

GitHub has two integrated tools that students might find useful: an issue
tracker and a wiki. Both are available via links to the right of your
main repository GitHub page or via the following direct links:

 * https://github.com/cornell-ece2400/gb438/issues
 * https://github.com/cornell-ece2400/gb438/wiki

Consider using the GitHub issue tracker to track bugs you find in your
code or to manage tasks required to complete the programming assignment.
You can label issues, comment on issues, and attach them to commits. See
the following links for more information about GitHub issues:

 * https://guides.github.com/features/issues
 * https://help.github.com/articles/about-issues

Consider using the GitHub per-repository wiki to create task lists,
brainstorm design ideas, or keep useful command/code snippets. See the
following links for more information about GitHub wikis:

 * https://guides.github.com/features/wikis
 * https://help.github.com/articles/about-github-wikis

### GitHub and Academic Integrity Violations

Students are explicitly prohibited from sharing their code with anyone
that is not on the course staff. This includes making public forks or
duplicating this repository on a different repository hosting service.
Students are also explicitly prohibited from manipulating the Git history
or changing any of the tags that are created by the course staff. The
course staff maintain a copy of all repositories, so we will easily
discover if a student manipulates a repository in some inappropriate way.
Normal users will never have an issue, but advanced users have been
warned.

Sharing code, manipulating the Git history, or changing staff tags will
be considered a violation of the Code of Academic Integrity. A primary
hearing will be held, and if found guilty, students will face a serious
penalty on their grade for this course. More information about the Code
of Academic Integrity can be found here:

 * http://theuniversityfaculty.cornell.edu/dean/the-rules/academic-integrity

